Update `TransformerBasis` and `Basis` to work with scikit-learn pipelining and CV (#169)
flatironinstitute/nemos: docs/quickstart.md

{'regularizer__regularizer_strength': 0.001}
```

> For a more detailed example you can checkout our [tutorial on cross-validation](/generated/api_guide/plot_06_sklearn_pipeline_cv_demo).

Reviewer: this path is incorrect, and I don't think we need the link appearing twice back-to-back. My inclination would be to merge the two and place it here:
```suggestion
For more information, including a practical example on how to construct a parameter grid and cross-validate hyperparameters across an entire pipeline, please refer to the [tutorial on pipelining and cross-validation](../generated/api_guide/plot_06_sklearn_pipeline_cv_demo).
```
